Add in-body blog CTA cards (#20147) (#20224)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/codegen-learnings/index.md

Self-debugging can also be extended to include the `pulumi preview` command, which is a "dry run" operation before the actual deployment and can detect many real or potential problems such as destructive actions, incorrect configurations that cannot be detected at compile time, dependency conflicts, and policy violations.

{{< blog/cta-card title="Generate infrastructure code with Pulumi" >}}

> Turn a plain-language request into working infrastructure as code across AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, and Kubernetes, then preview and deploy it with Pulumi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< blog/cta-card title="Generate infrastructure code with Pulumi Neo" label="Learn more" href="/product/neo/" >}}
Turn a natural-language request into working infrastructure as code across AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, and Kubernetes, then preview and deploy it with Pulumi Neo.
```
